if you guys been watching this channel
for any length of time you have probably
heard me say that what we do here on
YouTube is simultaneously the realist
and the fakest thing in the world um
there's a lot to that there's a lot to
unpack there and I think about that more
and more now because so many of the
people who are part of the generation of
youtubers who came on who broke into
this digital demi-monde of aspiring
vegan activist who came on at the same
time as me more more than we're dropping
out some of them are quitting entirely
some of them are deleting their channels
some of them have just lost their taste
for the game so their channel kind of
sits there in limbo but you can tell the
heart's just not in it they're no longer
in the struggle they're no longer
dreaming that dream and no more granite
to win it now back when I first started
this channel people used to ask me a lot
of questions about real activism about
real activists and people including me
to some extent we're seeking out real
activism and real activists on YouTube
is very natural we're all seeking
something real and we're all responding
to getting excited about something real
again this part of that dynamic of
simultaneously the realist and the
fakest thing um but something I've been
up front about all along and that I
still got to say day after day is that
YouTube is not activism I don't mean
that in a bad way the positive aspect of
that is that I feel that what we're
doing here on YouTube can create a
foundation for future right it could be
a basis for real activism in the future
the many ways the debates were having
right now on YouTube are a beautiful
prelude to a real political movement and
no political movement in history of the
world has ever had this kind of
preparation if you think there was ever
this kind of open-ended democratic
discussion when people were first
organizing a labor union or when people
were first organizing anti-war protests
in the 1960s or when the various
fractious and infighting groups pursuing
feminist goals or pursuing you know
advancement of african-americans
rights or black people there was nothing
like this for any other movement is
through the world so even if you see
this as a prelude to activism and not
real activism itself it's still a
beautiful thing and I mean the sense in
which i think it's baffling too many
members of the audience and many people
even participating in it maybe who are
coming on camera is the extent to which
what we're doing is performance and even
perform its art and yet at the same time
is very much about our real feelings are
real convictions or real aspirations are
real sorrows or real struggles etc what
we're doing here is performance but its
performance with a purpose now one of
the illustrations of this for me and
some people get it and some people don't
and some people never will was that so
many people my audience just freaked out
when I defended Sorcha merova so there's
no point recapitulating what happened
but the point was what I understood
implicitly but profoundly when I was
watching sources videos which I'm not a
fan of and not particularly glorifying
defending but whenever I saw Sorcha on
the internet I recognize that what she
is doing is a performance it's a type of
performance now it doesn't mean she's an
actress reading a script it doesn't mean
she's playing a character it's
completely different from who she is in
real life to a very real extent what she
does in these videos like where she was
ridiculing PewDiePie where she was
starting these kind of online disputes
to a very real extent the character
she's portraying overlaps with who she
really is maybe it's an exaggeration of
certain aspects of her character it's a
caricature it's a self-parody but what
she's doing is very much a performance
and I completely understood that and it
baffled me that other people were
condemning her as a radical as an
extremist or actually thinking she was
crazy actually thinking she was insane
on the basis of this performance they
did not understand as performance now
several people not a huge number but
several people have sent me emails since
then thanking me for that video and each
of those emails is are on the same lines
there people wrote
you said this is a summary but this is
really close with it said look when I
first heard your video defending Sorcha
I thought you'd lost your mind I they
say back at that time I thought Sorcha
actually was insane actually was out of
control action was bad for the vegan
movement and I thought you liked they
thought oh I was out of touch with
reality because ever guarded sources as
portraying a character as doing
something phony and fun and provocative
that wasn't real and then they say with
some variations they've later seen
Sorcha on live streams or had
conversations with her they've somehow
interacted with her and it really sunk
in for them that what I was saying was
true and not not just a little bit true
this was you know in a profound and
important way really true that what they
were seeing on YouTube this is a
performance and again the interesting
thing is I mean performance doesn't mean
it's entirely fake doesn't mean it's
imaginary doesn't mean it's it's totally
separate from your real life I think
what we do on YouTube in a really
dynamic way still is part of our real
lives it still is about our real lives
and yet in this weird way it's not real
life there was something completely
parallel again somebody I don't really
defend somebody who's gone dead and not
really a fan of is vegan gains now one
reason i'm not a fan of it is just some
of its the thematically it's not about
stuff that needs me i don't care about
MMA I don't care about video games a lot
of the studies into it's just stuff i
don't i don't care for um a lot of
people freaked out back when I defended
him again in a very parallel way where
people thought vegan gains was insane
they thought he was bad for the movement
they thought he was doing was toxic and
causing a conflict and dissension what
have you and like the people who really
thought he wasn't saying I said to them
know I really think he's very
psychologically normal especially
knowing his background as I do he comes
from Toronto a lot of the things about
him that I know um I said I regard him
as psychologically normal but I regard
what he's doing as a kind of performance
and you you in the audience are really
wrong if you're drawing psychological
conclusions you're engaging in a kind of
amateur psychoanalysis on the basis of a
script
performance of him playing a character
again is the character totally different
from who he is in real life no I think
in some ways he is really engaging again
the closest thing is self-parody I mean
like when vegan gains talks about how
much he hates babies how much he hates
children obviously to some extent it's
true and to some extent he's actually
ridiculing himself he's not just
exaggerating that tendency in his
character he's actively making fun of
himself so again I understood that so in
many ways I understood the way in which
what I was seeing on the internet was
simultaneously very real and very fake
and look guys this applies to me as well
I mean what I do on camera I just
uploaded a very passionate 30 minute
video talking basically about gender
equality kind of my first wave feminist
view of the world i'm not a third wave
feminist but i got some compliments from
woman viewers saying that what i was
dying but was real feminism the flattery
by saying that my perspective was really
feminist in meaningful sense okay thank
you i can take a common uh you know in
that video I'm quite passionate and
quite pissed off at several points I do
laugh at myself I mean I do there's an
element of self-parody I'm aware of how
ridiculous it is is this real or is this
fake I mean there is a sense in which it
still is a performance in real life you
would never sit down with someone sit
down with a friend and again this stuff
is all unscripted it's amaze me some
people still think my videos are
scripted 100% unscripted 1% spontaneous
and talk for 30 minutes solo with
passion and conviction and emotion on a
topic like that that you care about
never happens in real life right and
again if there's this weird line you
walk where it's simultaneously the
realist and the fakest thing in the
world I really feel that way and
actually at some points in that video
just using this example because the most
recent video uploaded you know I cut
myself off I was going to talk more
about personal experiences and personal
convictions and personal emotional
gauging the issue it's like okay let's
let's let's get back let's get back on
track um and yet you know
if somebody washed this stuff and
thought i was actually emotionally out
of control as with Sorcha maariv as with
vegan gains I'd have to say them don't
you realize there's a theatrical element
to this don't you realize there's a
heightened life element to this there's
a sense in which all of this stuff just
because it is being performed on camera
um that's that's I guess the dynamism of
what we do here on YouTube it's
simultaneously so real and so fake it's
about my real life and yet it's not my
real life it's a part of my real life
and yet it never will be real life right
um so I'm going to read here a little
interaction I had today really
spontaneously written a message I sent
somebody on the internet back back and
forth but I sent this to somebody come
back to the first issue I mentioned
sentenced to somebody who has basically
quit vegan YouTube he's lost he's lost
the aspirations lost the dream you know
and pause an f1 saying there's so many
reasons to quit but something else is
saying earlier I want to come back to
you and I'm coming back to it now if you
were here for real activism then that in
itself is a reason to quit although what
I said before is positive and saying
this is not real activism but this can
set a basis for real activism by the
same token it's not real activism so if
that was what you're looking for it's
not here and I totally understand why
the people who are realized this either
quit or minimize their engagement with
this medium because this is not real
active and never going to be right you
on the other hand if you're after a real
Fame or real money there are all kinds
of reasons why people get involved in
this and then they lose their belief in
that they believe they lose their
passion for that and they quit and again
to refer back to the last video I put up
on this channel it's more than 30
minutes long but at the end i talk about
my real motivations for being here which
again it's very real it's very sincere
and i say look i'm in this for the
movement the reason why I'm doing this
it is a performance but it's a
performance with a purpose you know the
only reason I'm coming online and
talking to you for 30
about feminism gender equality and he
sells rich shoes even though it may seem
like a stretch believe me it's not for
money it's not for fame it's and again
it's not activism but I'm doing it for
the movement and in my mind from my
perspective I'm doing that for a
movement that does not even exist yet so
i wrote to this dude dude on youtube and
i said it's sad man you lost the will i
lost the will for certain types of
but not for youtube I've still got the
will for this YouTube thing man YouTube
is a lot realer and a lot more rewarding
than all the I was dealing with
before academia charity work etc so he
writes back to me I'm leaving him
anonymous he is Rebecca me said what
does it matter if you want to do YouTube
or not I replied it changes everything
in my life man I'm moving to doe Hong
moving up to the border with Myanmar I'm
moving the I'm moving to Hong without a
single friend in the world I'm moving
there with nothing but my backpack a
bread machine and 140 kilograms of
weights I'm going to be extremely alone
in a place where nobody speaks English
youtube means a lot to me I don't front
at some point Bruce Wayne became a fake
persona and Batman became who the guy
really was he's really Batman but he
pretends to be Bruce Wayne when I'm
teaching classes in a university in
China do you think I'm being Batman or
do you think I'm being Bruce Wayne when
I'm talking this talk on YouTube do you
think I'm being Batman or do you think
I'm being Bruce Wayne the mask becomes
the face now I wrote that in about 10
seconds and I didn't think anything
about it I did other stuff in my room
I'm packing up now to leave town and
what back and looked at it was like
you know something there for even me to
think about as I say what I do here is a
kind of performance and thus in some
sense it never can be real it's like
there's a difference between talking
about philosophy and philosophy this
difference between talking about
politics and politics difference been
talking about activism and activism and
there's a difference between performance
and you know a real relationship real
conversation real anything right but
then there are other contrast we have to
consider what you get from me here on
YouTube even though it is heightened
life even though it's more emotional
it's kind of exaggerated it's more of a
performance like you know if I was
sitting with you in a cafe talking about
feminism the conversation would go that
way for one thing I'd listen to you all
week just talk for the head sab you know
but you know the level of intensity the
level of emotion even the level of
stupidity because part of what I do here
is satirical and humorous I've you know
I've been to laughing a lot on camera
sometimes I cry on camera right maybe
later in this video breakdown weeping
watch for it oh you know in so many ways
you can say that this is unreal or this
is merely performance but compared to
what if you actually came to the
University when I'm teaching class who
is that guy who is the guy standing
there at the podium teaching a class in
university context in some ways it's the
real me and in some ways it's not and
most of you people watching this video
no matter what job you do you probably
have a job or eight hours a day are you
Batman or are you Bruce Wayne when
you're on the job no matter what your
job is you know and to some extent do
you even know or do you have to switch
between a public and a private persona
and the really crazy thing about YouTube
is that anyone who knows me in my fake
identity by professional identity who
knows me in the slightly phony way I
live my life when I'm earning my living
they can come on YouTube anytime and see
the other side of me right it's up here
on the Internet forever I'm going to be
teaching classes in China any one of my
co-workers any one of the other
professors can come on youtube and watch
these videos and see who I really am in
a sense is it Batman or is it Bruce
Wayne right any one of my students can
come on the internet and see me
criticizing freely and durianrider see
me talking about effective activism can
see me talking to university students I
have some some videos on your mom
talking to university students but what
I'm talking about vegan activism I'm not
talking them at all the way I talk to
them when I'm on the job I'm actually
talking about how to change the world
terms of ecology human rights uh animal
rights etc etc so in a sense they'll see
a totally different man on youtube and
my students can come online my course
and they can see my shirtless selfies
right I've got fitness videos showing
you with my shirt off flexing my muscles
right all that's out here and again
simultaneously in some ways it's the
realest and the biggest thing in the
world but that is how I play it when I
talk about keeping it real I think it's
really worthwhile to reflect this is one
of the ways in which keeping it real
goes right in choosing to keep it so
real with you guys that's the only thing
it that makes it possible for as I say
for the mask to become the face then in
a very real sense i'm sharing who i
really am even though it's maybe a more
emotional more performative version who
i really am and it's a side of me that
my co-workers at work would never see
that my teacher here at the school when
i'm a student whenever sings I'm both
the teacher and a student you know what
I mean and that's a beautiful thing if
you're strong enough to take it we've
had a whole bunch of videos here lately
talking with people who have serious
emotional disorders serious intellectual
impairments a serious psychological
disorder
like anorexia and bulimia and some of
those people probably the smartest
decision for them not to do this not to
come neither and share their lives
because of the risk they're putting
themselves at there are risks for the
movement that's all just risk for them
personally right now Batman has been
mentioned a lot on this channel the
matter of fact in older videos talking
about the concept of justice and social
justice in terms of how that interacts
with activism and veganism and animal
rights I've often challenged people and
saying look we can't think about justice
in the way popular culture icons like
Batman lead us to think about justice we
can't think about justice in terms of
revenge there he is I mean you know
Batman is a image of Justice linked to
morning and bereavement and sorrow and
you know he's never ending quest to
solve problems with his fists it's
laughable and yet you know we all take
it seriously Batman is a major
influential cultural icon um I wanted
from day one to be really honest here
about the sorrow and the anguish that's
behind my veganism and not to present a
phony face of being so happy and so
energized and Joe I wanted to break away
from the fruitarian illusion that life
was wonderful and that the innocent made
you so happy and you know just tell this
story for me it is not at all about a
notion of justice it's not about notion
of revenge but I think there is a much
simpler and more fundamental notion that
that probably does relate to the fact
that I was brainwashed by comic books as
a child like everyone else it does in
some level I think tap into my own
notion of you know human dignity and
right and wrong some other vegans do
criticize me for this behavior but you
know to me this really this really
relates to the ethic behind veganism and
even the ethic behind what I'm doing
here in the digital vegan demi-monde
when I was walking on the street the
other day
things like this have happened many
times in China there was yet another car
barging its way through a bunch of
pedestrians right so this is like the
car is basically crashing into people at
low speed to break the rules and get
through the intersection 30 seconds
faster right not that interesting story
all kinds of people on this block on
this at this intersection all kinds of
people there who can't stand up for
themselves there are women holding
babies there are elderly people there
are people from different ages and
stages of life there are people there
who either can't stand up for themselves
or who feel that they can't stand up
themselves and when a car like this
basically threatens to run them over to
barge its way through the pedestrians
were crossing the street a lot of them
just slink out of the way and I don't
this particular case the other day i
slam my fist down on the hood of the car
that was dead center the car was running
into me just running into me at slow
speed and I didn't do that to damage the
car but I put my fist down on the car to
make that noise because you know it's
hollow gives a bigger gets the driver's
attention and driver was doing that
thing a lot of drivers when they're
doing something wrong they kind of don't
want to look at you they want to pretend
like they don't see you dude I'm huge
I'm 6 foot 3 i'm over 200 pounds i'm
standing dead center in front of your
car you're gonna pretend you don't see
me and you know i made this noise but
putting my fist down on his car and i
looked him straight in the eye the
driver not gonna say he can't run me
over he can but i'm not going to make it
easy for him I'm not gonna lie down and
die and i'm not gonna slink out of the
way i'm not going to jump out of his way
if he wants to kill me okay but i'm not
going down without a fight and I know
there are all kinds of people right
there on that street where then who
can't do that because they're carrying
their baby or they're too old they're
too weak or they don't have the
confidence in terms of male beat may be
dealing with the cops if it happens
afterwards I mean if if if that did come
to a fight which I knew it wouldn't i
can see i could see through the
windshield this guy wasn't going to
enough to me um but if it came to a
fight guess what I tell the cops yeah I
crashing to me he intentionally hit me
with his car what do you expect gonna
happen I'll mine haha I'm front spending
a few weeks in the Chinese prison either
do me a world of good language immersion
you know fine now again I'm bringing
this back the contrast is Batman I'm not
actually doing that out of anger I'm not
doing that out of a sense of revenge I'm
not doing it even under the sense of my
own dignity like this driver you have to
respect me i'm actually doing it because
i want this driver to respect everyone I
don't just want him to not run over me I
don't just want him to not run over the
guy who's big enough and tough enough to
threaten to kick his ass if he doesn't
put on the brakes when he knows
he's wrong and he knows he should just
wait for the light to change I want him
to respect everyone including or
especially the people who can't stand up
for themselves and on a really deep
level I do think that's behind veganism
veganism as opposed to reduce at
arianism veganism as opposed to just
vaguely donating money to Greenpeace or
the green party being ecologically aware
but still eating milk and animal
products now on that when you say no you
know if I don't stand up for the cows
who live and die their whole
lives in a world of steel and concrete
who will okay I've met people I've
talked about this before I've met people
who are physically disabled and they've
got to eat whatever the nurse in the
hospital gives them I've met people i
know people now who are in hospital with
different conditions and they got to eat
whatever the hospital they don't have a
choice either that or they try to find a
new hospital right there are people who
are on military service in a submarine
and they got to eat whatever food the
military gives them in the submarine
whatever okay there are people I'm not
any of those people
if I don't stand up there are other
people on that block crossing that
street who can step if I don't stand up
who will okay and I look at all you look
at all you and ask that
question I look at the other people in
my school the other students i look at
my teachers say why don't you stand up
for what's right if you know if you can
pull this is right and that this is a
meal I don't know compared to compared
to punching a car that's trying to run
you over refusing to eat dairy milk
refusing to eat yogurt it's not that
much to ask it's not it's not that much
of a risk you don't have to be that
tough a guy to say even if i'm going to
go hungry i'm not going to compromise
i'm not going to eat this that I
know is bad for the ecology the planet
it's bad for the animals even bad phone
health all right you don't take that
stand in the grocery store or restaurant
it's not asking that much and most of
these people who are conformists are
cowards and with that example
with the car when I looked into the eyes
of the driver he had his girlfriend or
his wife next to him in the next seat
and I could read his face like a book
I've lived in Chinese culture for a long
time so I'm very used to reading
expressions trans people's faces the
expression on his face was exactly one
of fear and in a sense guilt because he
knew he was in the wrong terms what he
was doing with his car and of not
wanting to let his girlfriend see yo of
not wanting to let his girlfriend see
that he was terrified of me and of what
I was going to do next if I was going to
come over to his window or what and of
course he stopped he stopped he stopped
his car me stop slow mo winning
people over this this
intersection and you know um just say I
mean it's connect this is not
experienced by once a night experiences
like this you know roughly similar many
many times open in China and I fool I've
had I've had some experience that were
worse in Canada actually you know um but
here here in China now a couple of weeks
ago there's I really got emotional hit
by it because it's linked to this it's
linked to this kind of normal not quite
daily struggle as part of my life but
you know I just saw a guy walking down
the road actually one of the same roads
you guys have seen on
camera on this channel you know really
messed up Road where you got a-you got
motorcycles almost crashing into you and
it's just a messed up road here this
construction going on is it there was a
blind man walking down that same Road
well I walk all the time and you could
tell right away he wasn't just someone
who lost said he was blind blind from
birth and he had the he had the walking
stick and he had another walking stick
coming out of his backpack with a red
flag on it you know to try to make him
more visible try to prevent cars and
motorcycles from just barging into and
you know you know as modest and
miserable and ineffectual as our little
ways are of standing up for what's right
not everybody can do it I can can you I
got I got a piece of fan mail that got
to me a little bit from a guy i do
really regard as very smart as way
enough if I thought it was an idiot I'd
say he's an idiot guys you know that
about me I got a piece of fan mail from
another vegan who I do regard as highly
intelligent and he said to me straight
up he said the reason why he supports me
you know in my career my long term
aspirations to eventually get involved
with real activism with you know
veganism as a real movement as we hope
it exists in the futures of movement he
he said straight up that the reason why
he supports me is that he feels that
he's not smart enough to do what I do
you know here on YouTube I know I'm
knows if he said more than that this
message obviously but he said he really
had these high hopes for my future as a
political leader and veganism because he
knows he can't do what I'm already doing
and what he sees in my future for me
being capable of doing you know he has
these these aspirations for me so it's
you know it's a meaningful emo he's you
know he's not a stranger he's been
following my career on YouTube here for
for a couple of years something
and you know you got to sit there and
look at that and look in the mirror and
look back at all these issues you know
the realness and the fakeness and the
potential and the hopelessness of what
we're all doing here on YouTube in some
ways in rehearsing you know a political
and social movement a rehearsal for you
know this movement that doesn't yet
exist I think that one of the beautiful
things about veganism is that you don't
need to be very intelligent to do it you
don't need to be brilliant in a sense
you don't even need to be courageous or
strong this is something almost
everybody can do and that's why I feel
so comfortable preaching it you know i
dont preach rock climbing who can do
rock climbing a tiny magnifier I don't
even page riding a bicycle not everybody
can rap let's go this feel there's so
many things added on to veganism that i
dont preach but i do feel like veganism
is for everybody or it's for almost
everybody if you're not on that desert
island you know etc etc and veganism is
such a simple idea a child can
understand it a child can understand the
reasons why we do it you know that's not
true of a lot of other political and
ethical claims when have you um you know
we were just looking at these excuses
made today by vegan cheetah formerly a
supporter of this channel now someone
who hates it where he was saying that
veganism is not possible and is not
practical and we should be accepting of
people who can't do it people who eat
meat once a week or once a month or once
a day or whatever that we should be
broadening veganism to be to be more
accepting of people and you know I see
it in the exact diametric opposite way
exactly what I'm interested in is
meeting people who are good enough and
smart enough and strong enough to take
that stand whether they find it
difficult or whether they find it easy
and in a real sense none of us know what
it takes
um none of us know what it takes because
veganism is still so much in the
experimental stage nobody would have
said from day one that you know like the
major debates within veganism would have
been masturbation versus no fap can you
guys remember that within the last two
years that tour the vegan community
apart Matt you know masturbation versus
the no-fat movement that it would be
bicycles versus no bicycles these little
you know anorexics versus not in a very
crazy crazy debates within veganism but
I mean in practice as this can of tomato
soup rolls down the staircase step by
step you know we get to see who's got
what it takes and who don't I said from
day one with the core challenge during
writer I had absolutely no confidence
that I would win the case at absa no
confidence there would be outcomes but
it was nevertheless so important to do
the right thing to at least put in the
paperwork and now we've had six months
of litigation you know with no with Noel
come and it's still totally possible
that this is going to end after months
and months of litigation with no come
it's totally possible but you know at
that time I got fan mail from the people
who themselves were also victimized by
during writer and he wanted to do what I
did who wanted to stand up to him but
they couldn't they couldn't or they felt
they couldn't or they didn't write and
you know if anyone had asked off off the
bat if any way that started from a blank
piece of paper what does it take for
vegans to get off their asses and get
organized as a movement absolutely
nobody would have drawn up a schematic
diagram of what's gone on here on
YouTube in the last two years and I hate
to say it but I was reading even more
academic publications lately for
veganism if you think that the debates
within YouTube are crazy the stuff going
on in the peer-reviewed academic
literature is crazier
it's worse the supposedly respectable
world of animal rights activism is a
nuthouse it's for another video
man and authority cough it down by the
other videos it's it's worse it's way
more out of touch with reality um that's
really my message for this video I think
it's easy for people to lose sight it
that's why people quit YouTube that's
what people quit the movement people
lose the hope and aspirations for they
came on here and start doing this in the
first place on that most basic level at
some point in your life you realize the
difference between right and wrong and
what it means for your diet and what it
means for industrialized agriculture and
all the rest of it and something in you
wanted to come on the internet and share
that part of your life and in some ways
it's real and in some ways it's fake
it's already talked about at length but
that that's part of who you really are
and your co-workers never get to see it
and probably a lot of your family
members never get to see it maybe your
grandparents maybe your brothers and
sisters in terms of why you care about
veganism why you want to see veganism
progresses and movement um and in terms
of that long slow sense of outrage that
you carry with you every day of your
life maybe nobody else ever sees it
maybe your own boyfriend of your own
girlfriend doesn't see it if you're in a
relationship with someone who eats meat
you know um you know that rage and that
aspiration for a better tomorrow at some
point you even if your channel is the
phoniest on YouTube that made you
want to pick up a camera and come out
here and talk um that sense of I want to
stand up and be counted you know don't
ever lose touch with that because if
you're here for the money there's no
money if you're for the thing here's the
thing
if you're even here for activism there's
almost no activism this is a hollow as a
drum right but that's still something
really real and like I said in that
message you know my life I've dealt with
extreme isolation when I was dealing
with living Cambodia living in Laos
living whatever but there's also a sense
in which doesn't matter maybe I moved to
Hong and I make five or ten great
friends I assure you even if I make
those friends and their local Chinese
people don't speak English whatever that
the story is there's a sense in which
they will never know me they will never
know who I really am even to that weird
extent to which you guys if you've
watched a few of these long videos you
do know who I really am and even if the
only thing we share is that aspiration
to live in a world where the economy
isn't dominated by this deeply immoral
and ecologically destructive and
nutritionally unnecessary industry the
slaughterhouse and even if that is the
only thing we share I've just got to beg
you to look past all the all of
the mutual hatred that so totally
defines what we do here on YouTube and
think about where you're going to be
five years from now and 10 years from
now because I want to be there with you
Marty cut the lights that's a wrap
that's a hard out